anemone Shows wiggling tentacles.
ant     Shows Langton's and Turk's generalized ants.
ant3d   Shows 3D ants.
apollonian	Shows Apollonian circles.
atlantis Shows moving sharks/whales/dolphin.
atunnels Advance GL tunnels screensaver.
ball    Shows bouncing balls.
bat     Shows bouncing flying bats.
biof    Shows 3D bioform.
blot	Shows Rorschach's ink blot test.
bouboule Shows Mimi's bouboule of moving stars.
bounce  Shows bouncing footballs.
braid   Shows random braids and knots.
bubble  Shows popping bubbles.
bubble3d Shows Richard Jones's GL bubbles.
bug     Shows Palmiter's bug evolution and a garden of Eden.
clock   Shows Packard's oclock.
coral   Shows a coral reef.
crystal Shows polygons in 2D plane groups.
daisy   Shows a meadow of daisies.
dclock  Shows a floating digital clock or message.
deco    Shows art as ugly as sin.
demon   Shows Griffeath's cellular automata.
dilemma Shows Lloyd's Prisoner's Dilemma simulation.
discrete Shows various discrete maps.
dragon  Shows Deventer's Hexagonal Dragons Maze.
drift   Shows cosmic drifting flame fractals.
cage    Shows the Impossible Cage, an Escher-like GL scene.
euler2d	Shows a simulation of 2D incompressible inviscid fluid.
eyes	Shows eyes following a bouncing grelb.
fadeplot Shows a fading plot of sine squared.
fiberlamp Shows a Fiber Optic Lamp.
fire    Shows a 3D fire-like image.
flag    Shows a waving flag image.
flame   Shows cosmic flame fractals.
flow    Shows dynamic strange attractors.
forest  Shows binary trees of a fractal forest.
fzort   Shows a metallic-looking fzort.
galaxy  Shows crashing spiral galaxies.
gears   Shows GL's gears.
glplanet Animates texture mapped sphere (planet)
goop    Shows goop from a lava lamp.
grav    Shows orbiting planets.
helix   Shows string art.
hop     Shows real plane iterated fractals.
hyper   Shows spinning n-dimensional hypercubes.
ico     Shows a bouncing polyhedron.
ifs     Shows a modified iterated function system.
image   Shows randomly appearing logos.
juggle  Shows a Juggler, juggling.
julia   Shows the Julia set.
kaleid  Shows Brewster's Kaleidoscope.
kumppa  Shows kumppa.
laser   Shows spinning lasers.
life    Shows Conway's game of life.
life1d  Shows Wolfram's game of 1D life.
life3d  Shows Bays' game of 3D life.
lightning Shows Keith's fractal lightning bolts.
lisa    Shows animated lissajous loops.
lissie  Shows lissajous worms.
loop    Shows Langton's self-producing loops.
mandelbrot Shows mandelbrot sets.
marquee Shows text.
matrix  Shows the matrix.
maze    Shows a random maze and a depth first search solution.
moebius Shows the Moebius Strip II, an Escher-like GL scene with ants.
molecule Draws molecules, based on coordinates from PDB (Protein Data Base) files.
morph3d Shows GL morphing polyhedra.
mountain Shows Papo's mountain range.
munch   Shows munching squares.
noof    Shows SGI Diatoms.
nose    Shows a man with a big nose runs around spewing out text.
pacman  Shows Pacman(tm).
penrose Shows Penrose's quasiperiodic tilings.
petal   Shows various GCD Flowers.
petri   Shows a mold simultation in a petri dish
pipes   Shows a self-building pipe system.
polyominoes Shows attempts to place polyominoes into a rectangle.
puzzle  Shows a puzzle being scrambled and then solved.
pyro    Shows fireworks.
qix     Shows spinning lines a la Qix(tm).
roll    Shows a rolling ball.
rotor   Shows Tom's Roto-Rooter.
rubik   Shows an auto-solving Rubik's Cube.
sballs  Shows balls spinning like crazy in GL.
scooter Shows a journey through space tunnel and stars.
shape   Shows stippled rectangles, ellipses, and triangles.
sierpinski Shows a Sierpinski's triangle.
sierpinski3d Shows a Sierpinski's gasket.
slip    Shows slipping blits.
solitare Shows Klondike's game of solitare.
space   Shows a journey into deep space.
sphere  Shows a bunch of shaded spheres.
spiral  Shows a helical locus of points.
spline  Shows colorful moving splines.
proingies Shows Sproingies!  Nontoxic.  Safe for pets and small children.
stairs  Shows Infinite Stairs, an Escher-like GL scene.
star    Shows a star field with a twist.
starfish Shows starfish.
strange Shows strange attractors.
superquadrics Shows 3D mathematical shapes.
swarm   Shows a swarm of bees following a wasp.
swirl   Shows animated swirling patterns.
t3d     Shows a Flying Balls Clock Demo.
tetris  Shows an autoplaying tetris game.
text3d  Shows 3D moving texts.
text3d2	Shows 3D moving texts.
thornbird Shows an animated Bird in a Thorn Bush fractal map.
tik_tak Shows rotating polygons.
toneclock Shows Peter Schat's toneclock.
triangle Shows a triangular mountain range.
tube    Shows an animated tube.
turtle  Shows turtle fractals.
vines   Shows fractal-like vines.
voters  Shows Dewdney's Voters.
wator   Shows Dewdney's Water-Torus planet of fish and sharks.
wire    Shows a random circuit with 2 electrons.
world   Shows spinning Earths.
worm    Shows wiggly worms.
xjack   Shows Jack having one of those days.
xcl     Shows a Control Line combat model race
blank   Shows nothing but a black screen.  Does not show up in random mode.
bomb    Shows a bomb and will autologout after a time.
